OCPBUGS-2049: Adding known issue about Nutanix install to 4.11 RN (#51459)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

* There is a known issue on Nutanix where persistent volumes (PVs) created by a cluster are not cleaned up by the  `destroy cluster` command. As a workaround for this issue, you need to clean up the PVs manually. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2108700[*BZ#2108700*])

> * There is a known issue with Nutanix installation where the installation fails if you use 4096-bit certificates with Prism Central 2022.x. Instead, use 2048-bit certificates. (link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6976743[*KCS*])

Reviewer: You could minimise "There is a known issue with Nutanix installation where the installation fails if" to the following:

> There is a known issue where Nutanix installation fails if

> * There is a known issue with Nutanix installation where the installation fails if you use 4096-bit certificates with Prism Central 2022.x. Instead, use 2048-bit certificates. (link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6976743[*KCS*])

Reviewer: You could potentially update "KCS" to "KCS#6976743" to follow the same format as the BZ links. I can't see any other references to KCS articles in this version of the Release Notes to see what the convention is.

Author: I commented on the feedback from Olivia regarding her suggestion for this link

> * There is a known issue with Nutanix installation where the installation fails if you use 4096-bit certificates with Prism Central 2022.x. Instead, use 2048-bit certificates. (link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6976743[Red Hat Customer Portal solution])

Reviewer 2: Small note based on our slack convo

```suggestion
* There is a known issue with Nutanix installation where the installation fails if you use 4096-bit certificates with Prism Central 2022.x. Instead, use 2048-bit certificates. (link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6976743[*KCS*])
```

Author: @pneedle-rh Thanks for your peer review. I put "KCS" after asking Olivia, and she brought it up with the other Release Notes folks since there isn't another case like it. They recommended to just use KCS.
